I'm not wrong. I'm not apologizing to him.
Zhu Youcai is a good boy if he knows his mistake and changes it.
Apologize quickly
If you don't apologize, I won't give you mental food tonight
I won't apologize if I don't
Apologize now
I was wrong Zhou Yuehan, I was wrong
I will never dare to bully you again
Bah what the hell?
Don't you just have two dollars? What are you arrogant about?
Mom, I'm not a bad kid.
Don't want me
Xiaohan, what did you just call me?
Mom? Yeah.
How could a mother not want her own child?
miss
Why are you here?
I came over when I was done, Dad
How come?
Xiao Han was killed by Zhu Youcai
This pig's face is really big
While begging the boss to open a branch and bring them money
While bullying us
Do you really think you pinched our farm?
The Zhu family
Maybe too busy.
Don't worry boss
I'll keep him busy